[OSDOCS#17175]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-1 (#114270)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/compliance-timeout.adoc

[id="compliance-timeout_{context}"]
= Configuring ScanSetting timeout

[role="_abstract"]

> The `ScanSetting` object has a timeout option that can be specified in the `ComplianceScanSetting` object as a duration string, such as `1h30m`. If the scan does not finish within the specified timeout, the scan reattempts until the `maxRetryOnTimeout` limit is reached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ScanSetting` object has a timeout option that you can specify in the `ComplianceScanSetting` object as a duration string, such as `1h30m`. If the scan does not finish within the specified timeout, the scan reattempts until the `maxRetryOnTimeout` limit is reached.
```
